I was wondering where you guys are.
I got your message. What's the plan?
Depends on what the objective is.
You want to kill Caroline and Gordon?
I want to take back Bloody Moon.
Why can you supply us?
I know they see the daggers hidden somewhere.
This can't be useful for killing its werewolves.
Good.
I really only believe when I see the weapons.
We better not miss with the second shot.
Ask your family to be honest and bye.
For what?
Once I kill Alec, I will kill Daniel and the hunters as well.
There's my beautiful daughter.
Stress will look amazing on you.
So, don't you guys have in me?
No, of course not.
Never.
These past 18 years, I was so strict with you because I was afraid you would be hurt.
I'm so sorry that I gave you an unhappy childhood.
Of course, Mom.
I also hope that you can forgive me for my stubbornness back then.
After asking me to forgive you.
You have my unconditional love and eternal support.
Missing me much?
How dare you reject the werewolf tradition of Caroline?
You are supposed to be with your mate.
I can do whatever the hell I want.
The new goddess will never forgive you for that.
Enough.
I'm your host and I don't answer to you.
You listen to me.
Yes, Caroline.
Today, we are here to witness an unprecedented region of our worlds.
Hunters and werewolves are together.
Under the moon goddess.
We celebrate our peace and prosperity and hopes for eternity to come.
All thanks to Caroline Arpad and Alec Hall.
For now, with the power instilled in me, I am presenting to you Alpha Alec and Luna Caroline.
Together and rejoice.
Not looking good.
We are down to a few men.
We have to fight this out.
Alec, it's pretty much down for her.
Come on, let's hit goal.
I can't lose again.
I'm afraid there's nothing I can do.
Both cats are poisonous.
Even if the one can close, the poison is already in his bloodstream.
My peace.
I now give the power of my soul.
Love you.
Love you Caroline.
Take care.
I stop breathing.
See Lee Hunty?
As long as you want.
And as long as I know, I will teach you whatever I have.
Run away when you had a chance.
I couldn't leave behind my favorite Hunty.
I see that you captured the knife.
I've been saving for the right moment.
I'm flattered.
Is Alec dead finally?
You could make me deal Alpha.
You know?
And then we finally fulfill our destiny.
But your dreams become so strong.
Just as I hope, we are meant to be together.
You can deny it.
You can't be strong.
Because of Alec.
You can condemn you into the hell for the injured.
That day, you made that cake for me.
It was the best thing of my life.
Happy birthday to you.
Did you help something for me?
I will kill this sister myself.
Ask her.
You traitor.
I killed Gordon by my arm.
Your traitor as well.
Your hunter please.
Yeah, associate yourself with the rock werewolves.
What?
Just washing your surfer.
Brings me joy.
What Daniel?
I'm not going to kill you.
Why not?
It's because I saved you before.
From now onwards, you are not allowed to step into either hunters or werewolves' territories.
You are going to be stripped of your hunters' power and banished as a mortal.
All your powers.
Take.
They say never save you.
We ran back to the forest.
We hunters.
We have provisions coming in on Wednesday.
And everything is scheduled.
Same thing on the bloody one.
We are now sharing resources with the hunters.
Do you have any additional directive for us by Alpha?
Yes, what we were saying.
We are wondering if you have any other orders for us.
But we were all.
You dismissed.
What's going on?
My Alpha.
There was a baby boy that was delivered a couple days ago.
He amazingly grew up in just one day.
We all think he looks a lot like him.
Say it.
Him.
Take me to him.
His mouth.
The boy is over there.